- Are you ready, kids?
all:
Aye, aye, Captain!
- I can't hear you.
all:
Aye, aye, Captain!
- ♪ Ohh... ♪
♪ Who lives in a pineapple
under the sea? ♪
all:
SpongeBob SquarePants!
- ♪ Absorbent and yellow
and porous is he ♪
all:
SpongeBob SquarePants!
- ♪ If nautical nonsense
be something you wish ♪
all:
SpongeBob SquarePants!
- ♪ Then drop on the deck
and flop like a fish ♪
all: SpongeBob SquarePants!
- Ready?
all:
SpongeBob SquarePants!
- SpongeBob
SquarePants!
[laughing]
♪ ♪
[waves crashing]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Ooh!
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
[line trilling]
[car lock beeps]
[indistinct conversations]
- Hi, Pearl.
- Hey, girl!
Let's hang out!
- Ugh, I can't.
I have to work
at Hot Dog on a String today.
Brad called in sick, so I'm
in charge of stringing the dogs.
Totally lame.
- I guess
I'll see you later then.
- Uh...
Can I get one with,
uh, extra string?
- Ugh.
[heavy metal guitar tones]
[phone screaming]
- What?
- Hey, girl!
Want to come over and make fun
of boys or something?
- Uh, sorry, girl,
I can't.
I'm working at Scorched Coral
all day.
It's heinous.
- Oh!
[laughs]
So heinous.
See ya later.
- See ya later, Pearl.
- How much is this choker?
- Um, it's a wrist band.
- [gasping and choking]
- Awesome.
[light instrumental music]
[phone rings]
- Nixie speaking.
- Nixie! My bestest friend
in the whole wide world.
You should come over.
We can watch TV
and eat cheese!
- I wish I could, Pearl,
but I have to work
at Dangles and Bangles.
All dangles are half off with
the purchase of any bangle.
Dangle must be of equal
or lesser value than bangle.
Some restrictions may apply.
- Oh, you don't work
at the mall, do you, Derek?
- No, but all my girlfriends do.
[ding]
- Daddy!
Guess what?
- [gasps]
[muttering frantically]
[chuckles]
I have no idea, Pearly.
- Dad, I'm getting a job today.
- [shouts]
Yahoo!
Oh, this is great news,
Pearl, me dear!
Now instead of wasting
my precious money
on your "clothes"
and your "school supplies"...
[chuckles]
You can waste your own.
- I'll be a independent
working woman,
blazing my own trail and
standing on my own two fins.
- That's the spirit.
- Oh, can I borrow $10?
[cash register chimes]
- I'll miss you
around the house.
- Oh, Daddy, you'll see me
after work.
- I was talkin' to the money.
- Hey, Marina!
I'm here to apply for a job.
- You should meet the manager,
I guess?
He's in his office.
Mr. Pepalino, there's someone
here for a job.
- Ah!
- [straining]
- [grunting and groaning]
I-I don't think he's in there.
- [muffled moaning]
[mumbling]
[groaning]
[gargling]
[steam hissing]
We're not hiring.
[heavy metal guitar tones]
- Welcome to Scorched Coral.
Please go away.
Oh, hey, Pearl.
What are you doing here?
- I would like to apply
for a job, please.
- Yeah, sorry.
You're a little late.
We  were hiring, but we actually
just hired someone today.
- [hissing and growling]
- Ah!
Oh, Nixie, I need to work
at Dangles and Bangles.
This is my last chance.
You gotta help me out here.
Oh, please, please, please,
please, please!
- Come on, let me introduce you
to the manager.
- This is--
- Nope, not hiring.
- You don't understand.
I have to work here!
- Sorry, missy, the only thing
we don't dangle here
is hope.
- Oh, bangles.
[tropical music]
Ah...
[belches]
Oh, this is the worst.
If I don't get a job
at the mall,
I'm gonna have to hang out
with my dad.
[sighs]
- You looking for a job,
deary?
- Yeah!
I need one as soon as possible.
It's a life or death situation,
actually.
- Oh, my goodness.
Are you in danger?
- In danger
of never seeing my friends
'cause I don't have a job.
- Come with me.
[glass shattering]
- [gasps]
Weird.
[alarm blaring]
[whistle blowing]
I've never been in this part
of the mall before.
[gasps]
Ugh!
What's that smell?
- Oh, probably one of the many
perfumes that we sell
here at Grandma's Apron!
Congratulations!
You're hired.
- [gasps]
Oh, this is the best day
of my life!
- [groaning]
Ah!
[back pops]
Well, I can't quite afford
to be picky these days.
The only other employee
besides me was Myrtle,
and she's...no longer with us.
- [shrieks]
Almost forgot my shades!
See ya later, suckers!
[laughing]
- Hey, Pearl.
Over here.
- Did you find a job?
- Yeah, I got a job
at Grandma's Apron.
- [laughing]
Pearl, you can not be serious.
- Ew, that store is
for old people.
- [laughing]
Old people are so...old.
- Old people aren't that bad.
Are they?
- [mumbling]
- [slurping]
[laughter]
[ragtime music]
♪ ♪
- Hey, girls,
I smell moth balls.
- Well, we are having a sale
on them.
They're 25% off today.
- Um, isn't it
your nap time, Pearl?
- Where's your muumuu, granny?
[laughter]
- Oh, don't let those
bubble-headed nincompoops
get to you, Pearly.
- But it's not fair.
- Life's not fair, my dear.
We all go through hard times
at some point.
Here, look.
See?
I was different
from the other girls,
and they teased me for it.
They called me
"Boring Beatrice."
Not very creative, those girls.
[chuckles]
- Who would even
take a picture of that?
- Oh, good ol' Jonesy
from the AV Club took that one!
- Wait, but who took
that picture--
- All that matters,
Pearly, my dear,
is that things will soon change.
But in the meantime,
you should be having
as much fun as possible.
Let me show you
how grandmas do it.
[jazz music]
♪ ♪
[explosion]
[laughter]
♪ ♪
- Whoa, come back here, yarn!
[panting]
[all gasp]
[dramatic tones]
- [laughing]
Love the shoes, Pearl.
- You guys just don't get it.
Being a grandma is fun.
I get to sit
in a rocking chair,
dust tchotchkes,
bake cookies,
knit mittens,
hats, and scarves.
[laughter]
- Scarves.
- It's actually, like, the most
coral store in the whole mall,
so you can all just...just...
eat barnacles!
[laughter]
- Now, now, girls.
Let's be polite.
- What are you gonna do
about it, granny?
[grunting menacingly]
- Granny power!
[echoing]
Power! Power!
- Aah!
- [growls]
[dramatic music]
- Aah!
[all screaming]
- Pearl, toss me
the Autumn Years perfume.
- Hi-ya!
♪ ♪
[all screaming]
- It smells like pills
and bed pans.
Whoa!
♪ ♪
- [laughing]
[all whimpering]
- Well, now that
you're all sitting down,
let me tell you
about the first time
I ever saw a talking
picture show.
Oh, boy, did they know
how to talk.
- No, please!
I can't take any more!
- It's... so...boring.
- No, I hate the past.
- And that's why today,
we all wear shoes.
- Okay, okay,
We get it.
We will stop being mean,
I promise.
Just let us go.
all: Whoa!
[all groaning]
- Listen, Pearl.
We didn't mean to hurt
your feeling or anything.
We just, like, think it's weird
that you're, like,
a grandma now or whatever.
We don't really get it.
- Well, I don't care
what you think anymore anyway.
I'm being true to myself,
and--and that's all
that matters!
all: Eh.
- I'm a grandma now.
Right, Beatrice?
- Oh, Pearl, I'm so glad
you enjoy being a grandma,
but your friends
make a good point.
You're only young once, you see.
You don't want
to grow up too fast
or you'll miss out
on all the fun.
- I guess you're right.
Being a grandma is nice and all,
but I do miss
being a super hip young person.
- Go have yourself some fun,
my dear.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
How 'bout a nice,
gentle handshake instead?
[groans]
- Hey, wait up, guys!
I want to be friends
while I'm still young!
- I'll see you tomorrow.
- You dropped this.
together:
One, two, three, four.
I declare a thumb war!
[both straining]
[dramatic music]
- Huh?
- Yah!
[bell dinging]
[laughter]
- Now that was
a great thumb war, mister.
- It was Patrick, but now
we will let peace prevail.
Let us sign this treaty,
and our thumbs will live
in harmony.
[laughter]
Great job, Patrick.
- Gee, thanks, SpongeBob.
That means a lot.
- Wow, giving someone
a thumbs-up feels great!
- Boy, these Krabby Patties
are delicious.
- I'll say.
They're absolutely stupendous.
- Well, you guys
are stupendous customers.
- [gasps]
That thumbs-up
really touched my heart.
- Yeah, me too.
It's like there's a thumbprint
of happiness on my aorta.
[heart thumps]
- [humming like a train]
Flipping.
- SpongeBob,
you shifty sea-slacker,
have you counted the cups
like I told you to do?
- I sure have, Mr. Krabs.
Five.
But thanks for being
on top of the situation.
You're a fantastic boss.
- Well, thank you.
That's nice of you to say.
Now back to work!
- Yes, sir!
- Oh, SpongeBob,
do you have one of
your precious thumbs-up for me?
I would just love to get one.
[snickers]
- No, Squidward, I do not have
a thumbs-up for you.
I've got two thumbs-up!
- Oh.
That's...thank you.
I think.
- [whistling]
Whoo!
Hey, Sandy, I'm giving
your outfit two thumbs-up.
- [giggles]
This old thing?
It's just something I threw on.
- Well, girl,
you really make it work.
- Okay.
[laid-back music]
♪ ♪
- Excuse me, I'm trying
to find the Goo Lagoon
and I'm totally lost.
- Great job on not being afraid
to ask for directions.
Hm...that way?
Okay.
- You got the right stuff,
golden boys.
- SpongeBob, don't you think
that you may be using
the thumbs-up
just a teensy bit too much?
- Are you kidding?
The thumbs-up is an iconic,
internationally-recognized sign
of positivity and affirmation.
Boop!
- Yeah, I know.
But when you do it all the time,
the thumbs-up loses its meaning.
It becomes not special.
- Well, I happen to think
you can never give
too many thumbs-up.
- I don't know, SpongeBob.
I think you should be careful.
- Oh, Sandy, don't be
such a worry whale.
What could go wrong?
[humming]
Ah.
Whoo, I'm giving away
thumbs-up today.
Hey, guy.
Way to wait.
- Who, me?
[playful music]
Yeah...
[whistling]
♪ ♪
- Hey, guy.
Way to walk.
♪ ♪
- [whimpers]
[tires squealing]
[thud]
- Oh, this feels great.
♪ ♪
- Way to flick that eye booger--
[train whistles blowing]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[cawing]
[baby crying]
- Thumbhawk one.
Thumbhawk one.
This is Thumbhawk two.
We got two thumbs down.
Repeat.
Two thumbs down!
- Thumbhawk one here, copy that.
Initiate emergency procedures.
- Initiating on my count.
Three, two, one.
[screaming]
♪ ♪
- Oh, my thumbs.
My thumbs!
How's it looking, Dr. Manfish?
- Well, I'm afraid it
doesn't look good, SpongeBob.
It seems you've severely damaged
your ulnar collateral ligament,
possible from
some kind of repeated action.
- An action like a thumbs-up?
- Certainly
that is one possibility.
Hitchhiking could be another.
- But doctor, I will be able
to use my thumbs again, right?
- SpongeBob,
I can't say that for certain.
I'm only a board certified
thumbologist.
I don't know everything.
I can only say that we must
give it time and see.
There are limits to science.
But you should prepare yourself
for the possibility
that you may never regain
the use of your thumbs again.
- [coughing]
- All right, you boneless
invertebrate lazy bones...
[chuckles]
Come on.
Flip them patties, boy-o,
just like the old days.
- Aye aye, Mr. Krabs.
[straining]
- Uh, let me give you a hand.
My thumbs work.
- No!
I can do it.
[groans]
[straining]
[slap]
- I'm sorry, son, but I have
a business to run.
I'm gonna have to let you go.
- That's okay, Mr. Krabs.
I understand.
- Now where's me
new fry cook?
There he is!
Come on in here.
- [straining]
[grill sizzling]
Uh, sorry, SpongeBob.
- Patrick, I'm glad it's you.
Better than some
weird stranger, right?
- Uh, yeah, I guess.
I probably won't even be able
to do good flipping.
- With a little practice,
you could do anything.
[groans]
Oh...
[all gasp]
- Ol' Patty flippin' patties.
Who'd a' thunk it, huh?
[all laugh sadly]
- Poor kid.
[somber music]
- ♪ Thumbs are opposable,
thumbs are great ♪
♪ We share them with
the monkeys and with the apes ♪
♪ You can grab, you can tie,
you can pinch a cheek ♪
all: ♪ But without your thumbs,
you're all thumbs ♪
♪ All thumbs,
no thumbs ♪
♪ Busted up your thumbs ♪
♪ Sucking on your pinkie
would sure look dumb ♪
- ♪ You'll never hitch a ride
or pull out a plum ♪
all: ♪ Without your thumbs,
you're all thumbs ♪
- ♪ Thumbs, thumbs ♪
all: ♪ All thumbs,
no thumbs ♪
♪ Feels like a crime ♪
♪ Can't pull on a zipper
or flip a dime ♪
♪ And forget about chopsticks ♪
♪ You'll starve every time ♪
♪ Without your thumbs,
you're all thumbs ♪
- ♪ Thumbs, thumbs, thumbs ♪
all: ♪ Thumbs, thumbs, thumbs ♪
- ♪ Without your thumbs ♪
♪ You're all thumbs ♪
- [whispering]
Thumbs, thumbs, thumbs.
- [knocking]
SpongeBob, it's me, Sandy!
Hey, SpongeBob!
I haven't seen you in days.
What'cha doin'?
- Waiting for autumn.
- Come now,
it can't be that bad.
- Leave me, Sandra.
Forget you ever knew me.
Erase from your memory the face
of this useless sponge
with these mutilated thumbs!
- [gasps]
Don't give up, SpongeBob!
You have to find
something you love.
Something to live for.
- Ha.
And what might that be?
- I don't know, SpongeBob.
That's a question
you have to answer for yourself.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
- Sandy?
Sandy.
Sandy, come back!
I need you to help me open
this jar of peanut butter!
[straining]
[glass shattering]
[sobbing]
Enough sitting around
feeling sorry for myself.
[inspirational music]
♪ ♪
[straining]
- [shouting]
♪ ♪
- Um...
Oof.
Turn over.
[meat sizzling]
- My thumbs are better,
and I am ready to work.
- The job's taken.
- Well, I'm taking it back.
- Just how you gonna do that?
[dramatic music]
- Thumb war.
- En garde.
together:
One, two, three, four.
I declare a thumb war!
[swords clanking]
[both grunting and straining]
♪ ♪
- Whoa!
[all gasp]
[swords clanking]
- Ooh.
[shouts]
Admit it.
You have been bested.
- Never.
♪ ♪
- Then prepare to be pinned.
- [groaning]
- Don't give up.
Something to live for.
all: Something to live for!
- [sucking]
[swords clanking]
all: Whoa!
[both straining]
[swords clash]
- Yeah!
- SpongeBob wins!
[all cheering]
- SpongeBob,
you old patty jockey.
Welcome home, son.
- Uh, it's okay.
I hate work anyway.
[laughter]
- Oh, Patrick.
- No, but really,
I do hate work.
[laughter]
- [laughing]
Everybody's laughing!
Oh, hey, SpongeBob.
I got something for you.
- Yes, Patrick?
[mellow music]
all: Ooh.
[all cheering]
[fireworks exploding]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org